{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The app has four types of content: lines, tips, exercises and goals.  Goals will only be available if you are logged in.  However lines, tips, and exercises will be viewable when you are not logged in.  Once you log in you cannot log out.\
\
After selecting a content type, tapping 'show more' will sometimes, but not always, show more content.  It will attempt to download more content when it has displayed all it has, but nonetheless the 'show more' button will not always show more content.\
\
'Write one' will enable you to create a piece of content, which will be visible in the table when you are finished.\
\
Shaking the device will shuffle the content.  The content you see after shuffling will usually not be the same content you saw before shuffling.\
\
Swiping a cell to the left will hide it.  You will never see that piece of content again.  (Unless you uninstall and reinstall the app).\
\
Tapping on a content cell will sometimes display an inspection view, showing the average rating, selected comments, and tags.  If you are logged in, you can create your own comments, tags, and ratings.\
\
The username you may use to log in is appletester, and the password is appletesterpassword.  You can also create a new account via the 'sign up' button on the log in screen.\
\
Once you are logged in you can set goals.  You can also set goals via the website lineoftheday.com and those goals will be visible within the app.  Tapping on a goal will enable you to update your progress (the number of times you have done the goal).\
\
If you create content while the device is not able to reach the internet, the content will be uploaded subsequently.}